(DOCSP-43962) [Kafka] Kafka connector nested components (#167)
mongodb/docs-kafka-connector: source/source-connector/configuration-properties/kafka-topic.txt

       #. ``collection``
       #. ``topic.suffix``

       | For example, the following configuration instructs the connector to publish
         change stream documents from the ``coll`` collection of the
         ``db`` database to the ``prefix-db-coll`` topic:

       .. code-block:: properties
          :copyable: false

          topic.prefix=prefix
          database=db
          collection=coll
          topic.separator=-

>        | :gold:`IMPORTANT:` When you use the ``topic.separator`` property, keep in mind that it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       | :gold:`IMPORTANT:` When you use the ``topic.separator`` property, note that it
```

>          does not affect how you define the ``topic.namespace.map`` property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         doesn't affect how you define the ``topic.namespace.map`` property.
```
